Flashback, November 2019. The world hasn't yet had its great withdrawal, and yours truly produced a segment for Episode 799 of this show, expressing concern about the long-term viability of Google Stadia. Flash forward to today, and Stadia is headed towards the Google graveyard, announced just hair under its third anniversary. I hate to say I told you so, but I said twelve and a half minutes of things. This is the apparently important story, now it's time for your hostess.
Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and not Google Stadia news. Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with Episode number 932 of our show for tonight, October the 2nd of 2022. I cannot believe it is already October, but here we are. It is officially Halloween season and pumpkin season. Nobody can stop us.
From a pumpkin spice latte now, except maybe, except maybe the one and only dark soccer or Jamie Summers. Hi, Jamie. Hi. Can you believe it? Next week, we are going to be at TwitchCon. How are you feeling about that? I am feeling stressed. Why stressed? Cosplay. She's literally threading needles as we are live on the air.
No, I'm not threading a needle. Sorry, it looks like it from the tiny camera shot. I am. Well, these are crochet hooks, but they're going to be my pig weapon. Oh, okay. Knitting needles. So, I am trying to get this super glue tape, and I got, I cut the wrong length off.
So, I have to cut another one. All right. Well, I have a lot I want to talk to you about here this week, but first I want to make sure I introduce the one and only tech master, Loki. Hello. And you might not find Loki at TwitchCon this weekend, unfortunately, but you might not find Loki at TwitchCon this weekend.
Unfortunately, but you will find him lost in Minecraft, making big build videos, which by the way, I do want to say hello to the chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network. That's VOG network, because we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the voice of geeks network. That's again twitch.tv slash vog network, and you can chat along with the show to where pixel pockets are.
in chat saying, Hey, Loki, your 300,000 blocks build video was awesome. I just watched it this morning. And it looks like that's what's playing behind you now as we are live on Twitch. But for those that can't see on the podcast feed, why don't you tell us a little bit about this video that you made?
Yeah, so I, I've been doing like, for those who may not have heard, like, I've been doing a Minecraft season with channel 64 SMP, and I've been building in like a Mega Man theme type thing. So because Mega Man is not really something that people have done as far as the theme goes, and you have lots of steampunk casts and stuff like that, but it's not really something that people have done.
Cyberpunk that type of stuff. So I thought this would be kind of unique. So some of the things I've been doing have been covering different redstone farms or mob farms with giant builds. So I did like a few weeks ago.
Anko, which is the giant angler fish from Mega Man 2. Well, this one was the giant robotic octopus from Mega Man 5 from Wave Man stage. So this is Octoper. And because as you can see, well, if you're watching the video, you can see that the farm is very tall, it required everything to be, you know, scale it up to fit.
everything inside. And so it ended up being 300,000 blocks. This is incredible. How do you do the timelapse? Like, again, I'm sorry to the podcast, but we're watching a video of him building it where it's on a timelapse, and it looks really cool. And this time, how do you do this, Megan?
Oh, it's a fun mod. So there's a mod called replay mod, which allows you to basically record your gameplay in Minecraft, and then you can set up virtual cameras and all that stuff to spin it around and everything. So this timelapse, I had 18 different clips over the course of like, I think only timelapse about 18 hours of it, it did take about 80 hours to do it.
But some of it like was, you know, before I even started doing timelapse, like draining out the ocean to do the parts that were under the water, because I had to sink the whole build down, like 30 blocks into the ocean just to be able to fit it all in there. But yeah, it was a lot of fun. It took a long time, like a month worth of time to do it.
resource gathering ended up being 185 shulker boxes worth of materials, which is insane. My last big project was a mountain and that was 200,000 blocks and a lot of that was just grass because you know, it's a mountain. But yeah, I don't know if I'll do anything as big this season. I mean, this is probably gonna be the biggest build in there, but I'm definitely worth it.
working on more builds that will eventually culminate into like a giant, a big build altogether. So hopefully, you'll be able to do that very soon.
Well, again, for those on the podcast feed, I really have to stress to because you know, we were taping live on Twitch, we can show the video and it's like, wow, this is really impressive, like the amount of work that goes into this. So I really urge those of you on the podcast feed who can't see this right now. Check out Loki's video over on YouTube at Loki o lr. That's just l o k i o l r. So check that out.
Alright, it came out really well. It's also been hard to like do some of these creatures or different like robots because really like in the game and it outside of the game, like because this is based off the manual art. But there's like really only like three pictures of this. There's a picture from a comic book. There's the manual and then there's the sprite. And so it's just trying to figure out how to translate that the 3d was incredibly difficult. I think the design process was incredibly difficult.
Oh my god. I mean, the way okay, that even makes it more impressive the way you kind of had to incorporate your own 3d artistry into that because there's so little reference material. That's incredible. Loki. Good for you. Yeah, it's a lot of fun, though. tweeted at Capcom or so I mean, I doubt the you know, because Minecraft is not their game.
I've been pimping the hell out of this. Oh, good. Mega Man subreddits, all the different Minecraft stuff. Good. It doesn't really it doesn't help too much in the views. But like, yeah, it's cool. I think, you know, people enjoy it. I'll find it eventually. Oh, well, army do your thing. Help Loki's video I get get seen by the folks that need to see it because it's it's damn impressive. And that's right. Make that monster grow. All right.
Um, so we're gonna get into tonight's kickoff topic. And so I'm I'm well aware many of you out there that listen to the show already follow gaming news. See, you probably know exactly what we're going to talk about here because here on orange launch radio, dark Sakura has been quite the advocate and user and proponent and in honest to God in many ways, poster girl for Google Stadia.
I would argue on Twitch, you have carved a niche of yourself on being a Stadia streamer. And if you haven't heard the news, because I know there we do have some some more casual folks that listen to the show that do get some gaming updates from the show. The the short line of this is Google Stadia shutting down. They're going to be pulling the plug on Google Stadia. And so I'm sure many of you are wondering, how's dark Sakura doing? So dark Sakura, how are you doing? And tell us more. I'm obviously giving the
quick story. But tell us a little more. What's happening? How are you doing?
I am going to start with the what's happening part of it. Okay. So I'm at work in the office my first day back completely at work.
I'm laughing because what's happening isn't what's happening with Google Stadia. It's what's happening with me.
No, I'm reading the backstory on how I found out. Picture it, Sicily.
Now keep in mind, I work with our intern-ish Drew. And we sit on the same row. We're in office the
same day. So I went over and was chatting with Drew and talking about Dead by Daylight. And I'm
like, yeah, you should play with me. I'll act as your meat shield, you know, blah, blah, blah.
And then behind me, our coworker, Bonnie, he turns around and says, oh, yeah, they just posted that
they're, they're canceling Stadia. I'm like, no, they're not. They just did all this stuff for it.
They have all this support. They just did other language patches, you know, then opening new
servers and blah, blah, blah. He's like, I'm like, where did you see this from? It's like, oh, it was
on Twitter. I was like, oh, I don't believe it. Which is good. That's good. That's how you should
react to things you see on Twitter. Well, and then he's like, oh no, there's a link going right
to Google's press release. I'm like, oh the fuck. And I'm like, no, no. And I went over and looked
it up and fuck, it's on the New York Times. So I, I was sitting there and a little bit going,
how am I going to rebuild my computer? Is my computer worth rebuilding? Should I just buy
anyone? Oh shit. That's $3,000 I don't have. And I basically spent like the entire rest of the game,
the day thinking, how the fuck am I going to keep playing Dead by Daylight?
Cause I can play a bunch of other stuff. And then I was thinking about the Nvidia service and the
game looks like shit on Nvidia. If you want to do the free service, it's a, you get an hour to play.
If you do the middle of the road, you get six hours and very little in the way of upscaling.
And then if you do the premium, yeah, you get the 4k and, and this, but it's still eight hours
of gaming. So it is timed and it's 20 bucks. And I'm like, no. And so I was basically like,
what do I do? What do I do? What do I do? And I was going on and checking my prospect,
my prosper Pro cross Pro get, Oh, you know, the word I'm talking about.
Um, yes. So, um, and right now they have account merging disabled due to a bug,
but I'll get to that in a minute. Um, and then I remembered this like
service that was only in the UK for a while and I went to check it out and it, it actually is good.
Um, it's called boosteroid. So I made sure boost droid would work. I can actually play
other games than what's on destroy because it will link my, uh, my whole steam account.
So I'm going to try VHS on it, but I have an alternative not to fear. I've got something
that will, will tie me over. So, um, at any rate, what is going on? Is it Google has stated
that they will shutter the game service? Um, in January, it will shut down on January 18th,
as stated by Phil Harrison, their vice president general manager. Um, he actually did the whole
blog post about it. Um, and he said it hasn't gained the traction with users that we expected.
So we've made the difficult decision to begin winding down our Stadia streaming service
bitch. That is all your fault. It could have. Anyway, now this is the statement that,
that actually really has me thinking that they are well and truly star sorry about it,
because not many companies do this when they end any of their online services.
They will, and this is, I'm, I'm reading this actually directly from the New York times
reputable, you know, Google will refund all game hardware purchases made through the Google store,
as well as game purchases made in the Stadia store. Now, when I went further to look at that,
they have also stated that they are refunding all add-ons purchased. Do you know how much I've
spent on dead by daylight? I was about to say, am I understanding correctly? Like, and this,
this is not a call out post, but if you've watched dark soccer streams, it is quite obvious.
You have spent hundreds of dollars on dead by daylight. And if I'm understanding,
there's a little bit more, I actually watched a stream that said how much each the whole game
would have cost with all the DLC and the cosmetics that went with them. It was something like 300
bucks. If I'm understanding correct, because Google Stadia is refunding all that money.
And because you get to process progression, this all over to steam,
essentially Google paid for you to have a dead by daylight deluxe account at this point.
Pretty much. So let me actually find it. Cause I've got their FAQ up directly from Google. Okay.
So can I just say for anyone that ever gave dark soccer shit for being the Stadia streamer on
Twitch, guess what? Google just fucking comped it. Google just Google, Google bought it with
what money? I don't know. Cause this is, you know, Stadia has now literally made Google
no money. And I do agree. It's, it's a nice thing they're doing. They didn't have to do it.
It's probably best they are doing it, or there would have been a lot, a lot of fun,
potentially a big, big negative. I think this could quite easily go the other way,
but it is, it is wild. And our, our chat is lighting up. Loco Poco is like jackpot.
DJ Rob S is like Jamie came out the winner, Bobby Blackwolf talking about people, you know,
teasing you for being a Stadia streamer going the last laugh all the way to the bank.
Hell yeah. Well on top of that too. All right. I'm going to read the part of the FAQ. Will I get
a refund? What is available for a refund? We will be offering refunds for all Stadia hardware
purchases, Stadia controller, founder's edition, premier edition, and play and watch with Google
TV packages made through the Google store and software transactions, games, and add on purchases
through the Stadia store. Stadia pro subscriptions are not eligible for a refund. However,
you will be able to continue playing your games in pro without further charges until the final
wind down date. Next part. Do I have to return my hardware to get a refund? Most hardware purchases,
as said above, made directly from Google will not need to be returned. More details on how
to obtain a refund for your Stadia hardware purchases will be posted here in the coming
weeks. And their goal is to have the majority of those refunds back by January 18th. I'm trying to
just, we, all right. I just got billed for my subscription because Bobby was mentioning,
he got billed and I just got billed today. If you see, you may still see a bill on your regular
billing cycle, um, um, that all pro subscription charges anytime or after September 29th, 2022,
will be refunded as our refund process continues. So what this means for me is that all, and this
is how I'm translating this. I'm willing to be wrong. Every piece of DLC that I have bought for
Dead by Daylight, the game, all the other games that I bought, including Cyberpunk and a good
number of other games that I, I paid a decent amount for to play. I'll be getting the money
back for that. All of the RX cells that I have bought. And I ha I admit I have a problem with RX
cells. I probably spent a good 400 total in the last year and a half on RX cells because my
survivors must be pretty. Um, that's coming back. I'm expecting to get anywhere between 600 to a
grand back. I really don't know how much I spent. I'm like, I could honestly see Google sending you
a check for a thousand dollars. I can honestly see that, which is, which is wild to me in a good way.
And I don't know if they're doing the refund by check or if they're returning it back to your,
your normal billing. So I don't actually, I think mine bills out of my Apple card.
So maybe that will all go into my Apple cash. Who knows? But at any rate, I, I am completely,
look up Poco. Um, they said that it is for anything bought through the Google store.
Uh, so if you bought a stadia thing at target, they can't, they can't do anything with that.
Basically. Uh, I am linking the FAQ for those in chat. Um,
but I think if you go to support.google.com slash stadia, you'll be able to get directly to the FAQ.
Um, so, um, so, oh, and as for anyone who's pre-ordered anything, all future pre-orders
will be canceled and you will not be charged. If we're already charged, you will be refunded
your payment. Um, I have, I paid with a gift card and I've thrown it away. How do I get my refund?
They'll send out an email that says, choose a new form of payment. So yeah, there, I think that
they're letting you choose how you want your refund to come. If you want it to just be credited to
a bank account or, or something like that. So, so at least Google's doing quote unquote,
the right thing, which, you know, again, many companies would have not done. So, you know,
as much as, you know, I think there's a lot of things to tear into about Google about this whole
thing. And we'll get to that. At least there's this nicety here that, you know, I could see
most companies probably wouldn't have done at least to this extent. I mean, the fact that you're
getting the refunds on, you know, the, the cosmetics and add-ons and stuff. But I mean,
this also was a big fear for people going to Google in the first or Stadia, excuse me,
in the first place was you watch Netflix, pull movies from the service. You watch Amazon,
pull stuff from the cloud, and you can no longer watch it on your account. And there was a lot of
people that were nervous about Stadia because what happens if Stadia closes? Am I just up shit Creek?
And I think the nice thing here is, well, Google has answered. No, we're going to make good. But,
but that means this entire three years of Stadia, if I'm understanding this correctly,
this entire three years of Stadia, Google has only made money now off those $10 a month pro
subscriptions. That's the only thing they're keeping. Otherwise they, they, they, they have
lost a significant amount of money on this. So wondering if they are, if they've done the math
and plan to break relatively even, but I don't think that they are. Cause the majority of the
extra money coming in was from those add-ons and bonuses. Wow. Now here, here is actually just
going back to where this works out for me, is that because I have my steam account and I've
already, I've owned dead by daylight on steam for a while, my steam account and my Stadia account.
And if I had an Epic account, it would be there too. I'll link to behavior. I have them linked.
And when they get this bug fixed, I'll be able to have my, uh, my progression sink again,
the quote merge function. This means that while I will be refunded for all of this stuff,
I'm keeping it on steam. I tested things, all my stuff was there, like pretty much item for item,
except for the RX cells, which I had 20, so no big. And, um, my achievements, the only achievements
that it gave me were the ones that it could read off of my account, meaning my prestige levels,
my character levels and the new prestige system. So, um, I, I don't know. Um, we'll see how,
how that works out. Um, but thankfully I can, I can keep playing until I can afford a new computer
or have it rebuild or some kind soul wants to give me a computer. I'm not, I'm not too proud to say.
I offered up the old machine I had and you can salvage whatever you want to get out of that.
Probably.
I streamed dead by daylight off of it. It just wasn't the greatest, but you could probably
Frankenstein a better machine from some other kind people as well.
Get this. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to eat. Um, I can play an ultra through, um, boost droid.
Oh, that's awesome. But that's, that's the, that's the cool stuff that cloud gaming is
supposed to do. Right? So I want to, I want to shift here a little bit from the conversation
about, you know, so it's, it sounds like if you're worried for dark Sakura, don't worry,
she's laughing all the way to the bank, but I've got to imagine there's a part of you that's still
frustrated on how much positive promo you've kind of tried to put out there for Stadia.
I mean, hell didn't just last week, two weeks ago on the show, you were on a Stadia focused
podcast. And I imagine that individual who I know listens to OLR. Hello. And I,
I'm thinking of you during this difficult time and all of you that have evangelized
Stadia and tried to tell people who have been saying since the beginning,
Google sucks and is not going to give this platform what it needs. And many of you,
you know, you tried your damnedest to go against that headwind and say,
but there's something here. There's something here. And sure enough, at the end of the day,
Google says, here it is. Here it is. Google delivers the punchline that all of the skeptics
were worried about from day one. They weren't going to take the amount of time it needed
to invest into it. So I'm curious how you're feeling on that front.
Business. I don't really, once I found my alternative, I was actually okay with it.
Um, and I mean, and while it was active, it did everything I said it was doing. Right. Right.
And if some decision came from the powers that be that they, uh, wanted to end it,
that's not on me. I, I advocated for what it was at the time.
Mm hmm. And once it was over, it was over.
And I'm sure I can't be mad about something that it's not just affecting me, something that's,
I mean, I, I, I really, and it could just be that I was a little bit overwhelmed by it, you know,
and, and, you know, it's easier sometimes to just shut down the emotional centers than to focus
energy on it. Um, but I'm not, I'm not mad. I'm not mad. It is what it is. What's the point of
being mad about it. I can't do anything about that. Yeah. Um, by the way, for those who are,
um, uh, in the chat room, I am posting a link from my Twitter of comparing what stadia looked
like versus boost droid. And I think it's interesting. You bring up the boost droid
thing because I think there were probably, honestly, a lot of people that have listened
to this show over the years and heard the positive things that you had to say about stadia,
who I think realized, and I think this is important to say too. I think all of us,
whether we were skeptical and, and, and for me personally, I was always skeptical of Google's
business end of it, but the technical end of it, you didn't have to sell me on the technical end
of it. Like when I played destiny two and stadia and stuff, I was like, dang, this looks really
good. Like for, for a clap, like for considering it's streaming, it's like, it's like an
interactive YouTube that looks really good. Like the technical end of stadia never bothered me.
My only reservation about stadia was exactly the whole, I do not want to give them money only to
have them pull the service in three years. Now I knew what I was doing though. And I, I, I could
have never foreseen that Google would give all the money back. I don't think anybody could have
called that. So, I mean, again, kudos to Google on that ad, but there's still a part of me that
says, how the fuck does Phil Harrison have a job right now? How did he, how did he have the office
to write that memo? How does he have a job? I don't think it was his decision.
Oh, it probably, no, you're right. It probably wasn't, but I think his decisions have not always
been good and have ultimately led to this. His lack of making it a profitable service is also
what, you know, it impacted the fact that, yes. And we, we, and now we've heard about
decisions that Phil Harrison himself made that probably weren't wise. And one of them was the
fact that Hideo Kojima apparently offered a sequel to Death Stranding to Google that they turned down.
What? Because Google did not believe that single-player games were worth the investment.
That, that is a huge bonehead move that Phil Harrison is absolutely responsible for.
And there's other game companies out there that have already learned this lesson that, yes,
people do want single-player content and are actually kind of turned off by multiplayer
content that gets segmented into games and so forth. So I absolutely, there are things that
Phil Harrison did that shot this company in the foot or this, this branch of this company in the
foot. Absolutely. Thankfully, whoever decided to pull the plug at Google, whether that was
at the very top, the CEO himself, or, you know, whatever, had the good sense to refund the money
so that there isn't, you know, an angry mob. You know, we, we can be kind of cool and collected
because, all right, well, at least those investments I'm getting back, it didn't work out.
But like Google, Google lost a lot of money on this. And how Phil Harrison stays employed in
this industry at all after, after constant missteps, let's not forget Phil Harrison
was at Atari during their years. He was at PlayStation during the launch of the PlayStation
three. He was at Microsoft during the launch of the Xbox one. Both of those were disasters.
Phil Harrison has, this was the greatest quote I saw in an article, and I'm sorry,
I don't have the article in front of me. So I can't remember who wrote it.
Phil Harrison has been failing upwards for years in this industry and how the fuck does he keep
getting away with it? Anyway, I had to say that piece because, and that's, that's the important
thing. And that's where my brain is with Google Stadia. The tech was always great. The management
was always a disaster. And how apropro, how apropro that we're digging out all of those
launch photos from GDC of the Dreamcast, the Power Glove and ET on the Atari 2600,
where people are like, what the fuck do all those things have to do with each other? Oh, well,
the Dreamcast and the Power Glove, maybe they were ahead of their time a little bit, but it was,
and I would, I would, here's my argument. I would actually say all of those three things ended up
being very prophetic towards Google Stadia, all three of them. Here's how Sega Dreamcast
technology that was just too ahead of its time. If the, if the Dreamcast had just landed a little
later, it probably would have taken off even larger and been bigger. Power Glove again,
ahead of its time. And I know what you might be thinking. The Power Glove was kind of a joke.
It was a peripheral. You know what? Well, what is the PlayStation move? Isn't the PlayStation move
essentially what the Power Glove thought it was on the NES? I would say yes, the Power Glove,
or at least the concept of the Power Glove was ahead of its time. Now what does ET on the Atari
2600 have to do at Google Stadia? Gross incompetent management flopping hard because
that's what ET on the Atari 2600 was, was yeah, sure. HSW can turn around ET on the Atari 2600
in six weeks, just give him an extra bag of cocaine and he'll be just fine and make it happen.
And boy, oh boy, allegedly, boy, oh boy, he made it happen, but at what risk? Because that get
management had to have that game out for the holiday season on a certain day, which in fact,
we've learned years later, if a video game is good, you can launch a video game outside of
the holiday season and it will still make a ton of money. So all three of those things,
in my opinion, ended up being very prophetic about Google Stadia. Anyway, sorry, I had to get my
feelings out about this because I'm just blown away at what an absolute disaster this didn't
have to be for Google. And going back to Dark Sakura, because you are our Stadia girl,
is that I think there's probably a lot of people out there that were going,
well, what's next for Dark Sakura? So what cloud does Dark Sakura go to? Does she go to xCloud?
Does she go to Luna? And you've kind of answered it. You're going to do this boosteroid thing,
which I had never actually heard of it until you said it.
I have a Luna account, but I don't think Dead by Daylight is on it.
And if they brought it out and then let me link it to my behavior account, I might actually
go that route. Streaming it would certainly be a fuck of a lot easier.
Quickly, Amazon or Twitch has a very large convention coming up in the very immediate
future. And they will be tapped into a very large audience of gamers. And if perhaps they
wanted to make a big move with a service that they have that caters to gamers, especially
in light of something Google just fucking handed them on a silver platter this week.
This would be the time to do it.
So yeah, but but but Rob, haven't you heard cloud services are very expensive at you know,
it's not like we have a cloud service company we could just go to and get those services
for cheaper. We're Twitch. We can't do that. It's just too expensive.
You're right. I'm an idiot. Anyway, back to our soccer.
You know what? I don't I don't have to play anything else either. Or pay for anything more
if Luna had all of these things because it's free with my my prime account.
And I'm shocked that Luna doesn't have dead by daylight considering Amazon Prime
has a thing with dead by day. I'm telling you, I'm telling you, if Amazon doesn't make a big
fucking move next weekend with Luna, they are fools. And that that can absolutely be true.
Well, they have like the SNK games that I love. They have the Mega Man collection,
the Jackbox collection, the Yakuza game, Star Wars Pinball, Tetris Effect,
Sonic Mania. I'm looking through this. They have grid. They have potion permit.
Just a bunch of stuff on here and Okami. I'm actually going to.
Yeah, I'm just saying isn't it fascinating that we're sitting here going and what are we doing?
We're talking about the future of cloud gaming that Google just decided this week. You know
what? Even though there is a future of cloud gaming ahead, we're going to throw in the towel
with Stadia. And I again, I am still I am still convinced despite whatever criticisms I've had
of Stadia in the past because of its business model, not its tech, I still believe cloud gaming
is absolutely, absolutely where this industry is headed. And once 5G becomes much more prevalent,
you're going to see it a lot, lot more. And it's just it's what a disaster that Google can't see
that. So I did check and it's not on there, but Resident Evil 2 and 3 remakes are on there.
Luna and on Luna. Yeah. And medium.
Blair Witch game, a few other things on there, like one of the games that I was super happy
about control is on there are type dimensions. Yeah. You know, if you want to watch me cry,
Killer Queen Black. I mean, there's there's some really good stuff.
Luna's a decent setup. It's a decent start. If Amazon would just put some promotional
oomph behind it, because I feel like nobody includes Luna in the conversation at all.
Personally, I personally think the people that are leveraging cloud gaming the smartest way right now
is Microsoft and that maybe I have a Microsoft bias. I don't know. And the reason why I say that
is because I think they are leveraging cloud gaming very, very well into their model. They
game pass. And that's what Microsoft, Microsoft believes game passes the future of gaming,
because by including cloud gaming with game pass, I think that is a very smart thing for them to do.
That's why I think Microsoft is but but Microsoft doesn't have everything either. You know,
there's there's certainly places you can be critical of them. I just think the way they've
been inching into cloud gaming is the way to do it. And now Microsoft has a Hideo Kojima project
coming that apparently has to be cloud powered somehow. You can now now some dots come together
and there's an aha moment that Kojima took his pitch to Google Stadia and took it to Microsoft
who saw the value in it instead. And this is why Phil Harrison can go kick rocks, because
he's going to miss out on something big that Microsoft's going to get now because
there's no room in gaming for single player gaming anymore. What a what a fool. What an
absolute fool. There are so many single player games on here, by the way. Like, I'm actually
looking through the retro channel, too. And oh, my God, there's so many good things on here.
Anyway, I don't want to ignore chat either. I'm curious, chat about your thoughts with Google
Stadia. And, you know, where your head is out with all this. As you know, Matt in chat says,
Google only measures success in billions. Stadia was successful, but in the millions that doesn't
work for Google. They only want to bet small for high return. And we were all saying this from day
one that Google was just doing this too soon. I think Google Google misstep this from the
beginning because I think that they had been a little smarter about instead of trying to sell
a store, trying to sell a subscription. And I do know they did go there. They did talk about
Stadia Pro. They did talk about the the ten dollars a month and the games that were included
with it. That should have been the lead when they launched Stadia. And it wasn't. And they let that
lead get out from under them. And that was a critical error from the beginning, in my humble
opinion. Questbuster in chat says, from one perspective, Stadia is the 3DO of cloud gaming.
Great technology ahead of its time, left to win a war all by itself. Marketing, what's that?
Mike Deff says, Google Stadia was planned to launch in Mexico and other Latin American
countries this year. That's not happening now. LOL. What a hugely missed opportunity to open up
these games to other countries where the games aren't always readily available. Now,
I understand the internet infrastructure also may not always be readily available,
but there are plenty of places where it is. And so it's interesting that Google, again,
didn't even give that a chance. And now another thing they're going to lose to Microsoft and
whoever else decides to stay in Nvidia and whoever else decides to stay in this race.
Because I think if I'm understanding correctly, a key element of this Boostroid thing that you're
going to is that Boostroid isn't really a store or a service. All it's doing,
it's kind of more like Nvidia. It's like Nvidia, but you are playing through their servers. So
that's the service that you're taking right there. The thing is that unlike Nvidia, when I
closed my game, like when I was done testing Dead by Daylight on it, I had full access to
the other stuff on my Steam account and immediately launched Hooked On You,
which wasn't among their list. Although it only gave me something like 20 gigs, I guess,
allotment for the game. So I couldn't go and install Mass Effect. But I could do Mass Effect
separately and load that up. But I don't want to do that because I'm relying on my save files.
Yeah, understandable. Shehulk10 in chat says, Stadia should have sold to PlayStation or Xbox.
Well, my understanding is Google's still kind of keeping that technology in their back pocket.
And we have to remember, one of the places they do make money and still run is YouTube. So Google's
probably going to hang on to that technology for themselves. Although, a fanboy dream would be,
oh, well, Sony has their cloud service now for PlayStation. Xbox has their cloud service now
for Microsoft. Google should go sell their cloud to Nintendo. But they're so-
You wouldn't know what to do with that. Exactly. Nintendo wouldn't know what to do with it.
Nintendo would not know what to do with it, even though honestly, they have a brilliant use case
with the Switch and the fact that they are selling cloud service gaming on the Switch
with games like Control and the Resident Evil remakes and all this stuff. Nintendo could
absolutely leverage the Stadia technology, but they wouldn't know what to do with it. Yeah,
Bobby says Nintendo already has cloud gaming though. But it's a footnote in Nintendo's book,
at least in this country. It's not technically Nintendo that's using its third parties that are
using different cloud technology for each of their games. So it's not like some central thing.
And honestly, cloud gaming for Nintendo would be fine because especially when you're talking about
like the Nintendo online stuff where we're talking NES ROMs, like I could I could cough more data
over the air than one of those ROM files would take. It's just like you could literally anything
could stream that stuff when it comes to the Nintendo online stuff. But yeah,
they wouldn't use it in a meaningful way for sure. Questbuster and chats as I mentioned this on Bobby
stream, but when Ubisoft dropped the immortal Phoenix demo on the service, I tried it and it
worked great. Really wish they could have provided more demos like that one felt like they missed out
on the opportunities those could have opened up. There are there actually were a lot of demos on
Google Stadia, but they did a terrible job marketing them only the only the hardcore fans
knew about that stuff because I see our soccer nodding like yeah, there's a lot of demos on that
service. And even the game I talked about last week that yards revenge, all of those all of those
like Atari reimagined games had demos on Google Stadia. But how many of us really knew about that
outside the stadia bubble? A lot of those Yeah, we're just they would send out the marketing
announcements to people who are already on stadia. Say hey, you're on stadia play this demo like no,
I don't want to play that demo when in fact Google knew and had easy access to gaming influencers on
YouTube that could have carried the message a lot better. But alas, I'm I'm not the one running
Google Stadia Phil Harrison is. So the other thing is that I still think the majority of the
content creators were going to be on Twitch anyway. YouTube has YouTube certainly has
enough to make it to do things with for sure. So the other thing I wanted to say with the
comment that quest buster talked about with the demos is that I think you know, it's it's also
like the times I have personally really benefited from cloud gaming was that because when I did have
a bandwidth cap, see, I'm fucking spoiled. Now I'm a spoiled bitch now. That's why cloud gaming
doesn't fit in for me. Because I have a new computer. I have gigabit internet that has no cap.
I'm a spoiled bitch now technologically. But when I didn't have that just a year ago when I was at
the old place that had metered connection and a computer that wasn't cutting edge, like cloud
gaming was actually really great to trial games without having to download a 70 gigabyte game
to actually see do I like this game before I commit to all of that bandwidth to download it,
I think was great. I would imagine you'd be using more bandwidth by streaming.
But not 30 minutes to test it, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. I was, you know, the, the, when I would play for 30 minutes to test something,
it was a negligible impact on my cap. Certainly much more than the gigabytes it took to download
the game otherwise. But now I don't care, you know, but, um, I'd still be curious what cloud
gaming can do because my technology isn't gonna last forever. So I would be very curious in five
years when my machine is not cutting edge anymore. I'd be very curious how cloud gaming
can fill in those gaps technologically, but you know, we'll see in a few years, I guess.
So, all right. Um, we're almost an hour into the show. I want to make sure we move on with
other topics, but Dark Soccer, I want to let you have any final words or last words on this Google
Stadia topic, because you have been the voice of Stadia on this show for as long as, you know,
you first played Dead by Daylight on the service.
Meh.
Fair enough. All right. Let's move on then to how is your gaming week? And let's talk about the
types of video games that we have been playing this week. By the way, just on a quick aside,
my Elgato stream deck works again because they put out the magic, yes, I know I could have patched
it myself like three weeks ago. I'm kind of lazy though, outside of Sunday nights, but they put
out the, everything is magically patched with the new OBS and the steam stream deck though. Just,
just if you've been holding off and lazy as well, everything works again with OBS and the stream
deck. So the patch went out, just so you know. All right. Anyway, let's talk about our gaming
weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week. Dark Soccer,
how was your gaming week? Um, I played Dead by Daylight. I signed up for the Meet Your Maker demo,
um, which is the new behavior game in the works. Trying to figure out how to take this thing apart
to make my knife eject. Um, I've been working on a lot of cosplay, speaking of video game stuff,
just a lot of cosplay. And I did a, I did, hold on. I did this for our friend Losing Color.
Oh, that's really, that's, uh, if for those in the podcast feed, it's a drawing that I'm assuming
Dark Soccer did herself of, uh, the nurse from Dead by Daylight, you know, one of the
Matsuri collection, one of her particular cosmetics. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so I've had a bit
more of a creative week in regards to, I need some pliers, uh, to playing games. Um, just doing other
things related to them. Um, I beat Final Fantasy four last night. Um, and so I'm going to be moving
on to Final Fantasy five after TwitchCon. Oh, cool. Um, and really it's, uh, oh, and Cult of
the Lamb, of course, which I'm finally ready to, to fight, uh, the one who waits. So we'll see how
that goes. All right. Um, but yeah, that's, that's pretty much it. Okay. Loki, I have a feeling we
got a lot of your gaming week at the top of the show, but I'll ask anyway, how was your gaming
week? Uh, it's been mostly just Minecraft stuff. It's actually, I mean, it's been Minecraft, but
I haven't working on a ton of things because I put out the video at the beginning of the week. So
most of it's the, uh, what we call the, uh, the post upload blues. It's where you kind of wander
around aimlessly doing like just nothing because you don't know what to work on next. Um, so I'm
working on a storage system is what I'm doing now. So I've got, I'm digging out under the mountain
that I'm going to be building my mega basin to put a storage system because, um, I felt that that
helped me a lot when it came to playing on nerd craft, where I built basically the same storage
system, um, and keeping organized. Cause before that on collision MC, uh, I did not build the
source system and I regretted it because it took like five times as long to gather materials.
It's just, okay, where did I leave it? Which chest was it in? You know, that type of thing.
And on the note of collusion MC, unfortunately they had to shut down their server for their
second season. Um, the end of this month or last month, I guess at this point. Uh,
so that was unfortunate, but at least we've got a world download and everything and not,
you know, I wish them the best of luck. It was fun playing on there. They were my first,
my first SMP. So it was great, but you know, the same thing happened with the first season.
There was Pete, the player base kind of dropped off sharply in the beginning and then never came
back in the second season. The same thing happened, but there's a few cool bases out
of there. Someone built like a, it was a K2 mountain built a giant ice castle in a mountain.
It kind of looked like a from frozen or something super awesome. So I got to take screenshots of
that and share those with some people and stuff, but yep. It was fun. It was fun checking that out.
All right. Uh, my gaming week, I've played some of the stuff I usually play like Diablo three.
I got past Paragon 800, which is kind of a landmark because that's when you have all of
the points and all of the Paragon categories, and you just keep gaining one of your main stats over
and over again. So it's a kind of interesting landmark there. Uh, so there's that. And then,
I've also been playing Final Fantasy 14, of course. I did some streaming of that the other
night, just, uh, you know, getting the latest, getting the latest and greatest gear for my
character and all that good stuff. I've also been playing Dead by Daylight. Um, I actually,
that for the first time, you may find this hard to believe, but for the first time I finished a
Tome. Not that I got all the way to level 75. I didn't put in enough hours to do that, but I got
to the end of the fourth page of the challenges. And I've actually never done that before in the
year. Plus I've been playing Dead by Daylight. So that was kind of neat. Um, that, that was a
miracle. And it was actually on stream. That was one of the challenges I had to do was escape
through the hatch intentionally. And for those that play Dead by Daylight, I put together a
build specifically to do this. And I use the new Ada Wong perk that, um, when you're the last one,
yeah, no, not a wiretap, a low profile, the one with the high heels on it. When you are the last
one standing in the match, you would lose your scratch marks and blood pools for 90 seconds.
The only thing I didn't realize about that perk is that if the next to last survivor gets hooked
and you're still alive, your perk activates, but the hatch isn't open yet. I had to wait for that
person to pass away before I could actually start hunting for the hatch, which I found,
and it was right by the door. Spirit closed the hatch, ran back to the door. I ran to the hatch
cause I brought my whole idea. I didn't want to bring in a key cause I knew the killer would
target me because they saw that I had a key. I brought Plunderer's Instinct and dug up a key in
the basement cause like nine times out of 10, you get a purple or pink key in the basement. So I dug
up a key and then Spirit came back to the hatch. As I'm opening it, I get through the hatch with a
half second to spare. And you see me on stream going, whoa, like that was colos, colos.
That would have earned a get shitted on.
Yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure. So I did it and I got through the whole thing. So the whole thing
was on my Twitch feed. That was pretty fun that I was able to stream that. Other games that I've
been playing this week, I played a little bit of Splatoon 3, just a little bit, not enough to
really talk about because I was at a work thing this week that actually took a lot of my attention
on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and I brought Splatoon as something to play in the hotel.
I played for maybe 20 minutes tops. So I have much more to come with Splatoon 3. I don't have a lot
to talk about right now. I'm going to try to play some more of that this week before TwitchCon.
Here's a game I randomly got into. Here's why I didn't play Splatoon 3, because Rob did that
whole thing where it's like, ooh, shiny, here's something else I'm going to play and get sucked
into for the entire weekend. So this is random. It's a game I've played before, but it's now on
Xbox Game Pass, and it's one of those games where I'm like, ooh, I wonder how that would look
on my new computer with the 4K setup and all of that. So I played Death Stranding,
which is now on Xbox or PC Game Pass on my computer. It looks so fucking good.
Walking has never looked better. It is so good looking. And I don't know if that's just because
when you play something on your computer, it's right on that monitor in front of you. You see
the textures in a way that I don't always see it on my TV, but it is gorgeous, gorgeous. And
I didn't realize it's a good spooky October game to play. There was a really good jump scare in a
scene I was doing with the whole, the BTs or whatever they're called. But anyway, yeah, I've
been so- I thought the scene with Conan O'Brien was pretty scary.
I played quite a bit of that game when it first came out, and I remembered very little of it,
like as far as the plot goes. And because, you know, a Hideo Kojima game, it has like a four
hour introduction and the whole thing is like, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, there was that, oh yeah,
I remember this part. It was a lot of like rediscovery. But again, just playing and walking
through those landscapes and the beautiful HDR 4K with the hipster music soundtrack playing behind
you. I was like, this is nice. This is a nice thing. This is, this is, this is what chill vibes
mean, except for the spooky scary parts. When you're in the chill vibes part, it's great. So
yeah, Death Stranding is, it's really, if you have Xbox Game Pass, go visit it. And it is very weird,
by the way, to fire up Xbox Game Pass, launch the game and then see the splash screen Sony Interactive
Entertainment presents, even though it has the 505 games logo too, it still says so it's like
Sony in my Xbox. Yeah. It's more likely than you think. So you got Sony in my Xbox. I know
it's just, it's wild. D'Artestia says, I wanted to get into it. Just frustrated me every time I
played. Don't forget, there is a Bobby Black Wolf mode that helps. You can set the game in very,
very easy, which helps a lot. It doesn't make it perfect, but you, you also never die in that
game. Don't forget not to spoil the plot too much, but there's something about the plot where you
actually, you can't, you can't be killed. You can get frustratingly reset, but you can't be killed.
So there is that for what it is. Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, MLB The Show players are used to it,
has the whole Marvel-esque logo too. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, I know with MLB The Show on Xbox,
it's always a wild thing to see, but that's, that's the agreement, right? So anyway, that's
been my gaming week. So, uh, with that, uh, just, I would say here, and usually at this point, we
talk about any, um, show, uh, updates and changes you need to know about. And that is, we will not
be here next week. Dark Soccer and I both are going to TwitchCon in San Diego. Um, and so we'll
not be here on Sunday cause the convention is actually through Sunday. And, um, I don't come
home till Monday and Dark Soccer, I think is still at Disney on Monday. So, um, we won't be
here on Sunday. Loki might do a stream. I don't know, but Bobby Black, Bobby Black Wolf will be
here at VOG Network over at Twitch.tv slash VOG Network, still doing his show. And we certainly
encourage all of you. Um, uh, I want to say locals. That's not what I'm thinking of all of you, uh,
regulars to check out Bobby's show on Sunday night. Um, even though we won't be here with
anything new, but we'll be back in two weeks to talk all about TwitchCon. If I can't talk Dark
Soccer into maybe doing a special VOG stream earlier in the week where we just talk about
TwitchCon, we'll have to maybe see. We can do that. See, I've, I mean, maybe we could even like,
do like a little audio thing while we're there. We've got an Airbnb and I'm sure you would be
more than welcome to drop by for whatever we do. Yeah. I don't see why not. We can figure
something out. We're going to that and we're going to, to the brunch on a Saturday, right?
Maybe. I think so. Oh, through. Yes. Yes. That one. Yes. Yeah. So we'll, we'll have opportunities to
do stuff while we're there. Oh, for sure. All right. Um, so there we go. We probably should
try to get a bunch of streamers to make little, even though we don't use bumpers, that's usually
a Bobby Black Wolf thing. Um, we should get streamers to make bumpers for our show. You can
always put one in. We can always put them in the beginning before the, um, when we're live,
we have that little, um, you can't do that on television inspired, uh, parody intro. We can
always do something before that, that introduces the show. I don't know. We'll, we'll talk about
it. If it is still Cult of Lambchop. Cult of Lambchop was your favorite? You didn't like
tonight's? I didn't see it. Oh, well, okay. I don't always get to see them. I don't usually
play these on the show, but just for Dark Sakura. Death Stadia will not be seen tonight
so that we can bring you this special presentation. You see, because Death Stranding
was on my brain. It's actually, it's actually gotten layers because then you, then you get
to the layer of, Oh, and Stadia was actually pitched a Death Stranding project that they
passed on and so on and so on. All right. That's that strong leadership from that Phil Harrison.
Death Stranding? Nah. Nah. Don't need that. I can't believe they never even tried putting
the original game on the service to see like, like a smarter executive would have said, well,
why don't we put Death Stranding on the service? And if it meets these benchmarks,
then we move forward with a sequel, but they didn't even, was Death Stranding ever on Stadia?
I don't think it was. I'm pretty sure what, yeah. See? Hmm. Hmm. All right. Anyhow,
let's move on. We have some more gaming news to get into. Loki, why don't you kick us off
with some gaming news tonight? All right. So it is the year 2022 and we are going into the
fourth quarter and well, it's not surprising to see games be put out at $70. We're now seeing
them being put out at $70 more frequently to which I say, why? Well, I know why agreed. Um,
but they, why should we expect, pay for this for $70? For example, uh, Bethesda just recently put
out Skyrim, uh, the anniversary edition on to the Nintendo switch for $70. Um, so
the anniversary edition though, I'm pretty sure, um, it wasn't $70. I mean, they originally had,
okay, so there's a digital anniversary edition that had some additional perks with it. I guess
it's $70, but I mean, the game's been out for so long. It's Skyrim already came out on the switch
as it is. And obviously they didn't give it the special edition treatment because, well,
I don't think the switch could run the special edition anyways with the HD or graphics and that
type of stuff, but it's only 10 AP. Okay. Um, so I'm not sure where they think they can command
that kind of money on this game, especially how old it is, dude.
But it's on a Nintendo plot. This literally feels like Bethesda saying you got to pay the
troll toll because this is now coming out on the Nintendo. Well, it's been out on Nintendo,
but it's like, Oh, now this is a all in one edition and you got to pay the troll toll because
it's it's on Nintendo. Here's the best part about it though. You're going to love this.
So to buy the anniversary edition on the PlayStation five or Xbox series X or S where,
you know, these games probably look the best. It's only $50.
And the next gen upgrades for those platforms were free as well. So if you bought it like on,
you know, a PlayStation four or something like that, you get it for free on PlayStation five.
Um, I don't understand. It's not like that they have to pay money to publish this
physically. Cause it's a digital version of the game.
So why I'm guessing it's because the, the regular version of Skyrim,
for whatever reason on Nintendo, like this is Skyrim on the switch is still $60.
Why, why is it still $60? Like that game is like 20 bucks at most on most platforms.
There's no reason it should be $60. A Nintendo game. I understand them not dropping the price.
I still have problems with it, but at least that's understandable. Like super Mario Odyssey
Skyrim is been out since 2011 re-released so many times. There is no reason that that should still
be the same price. It was when it came out. So I want to just don't buy it.
I want to address. Yeah. I want to address a comment and chat because fifth dream in chat says
funny. I don't remember when they told me it was mandated. I buy it. Oh no. I mean, it's,
it's absolutely not mandated that you buy it. Here's the problem. And so if we're making it
sound like it is mandated, you buy it. Here's the problem. This won't sell because everybody's
laughing at the $70. I'm sure there are some very loyal Nintendo Skyrim people that will buy it.
It's going to have a very niche audience. Otherwise this is not going to sell and we
all know it's not going to sell by the way, pay attention to what the kickoff topic was tonight.
We're all looking at the business model going. This is ridiculous. And they're not going to sell
any and what's going to happen as a result. Bethesda is then going to go and look at this
and say, Oh, our games don't sell on the Nintendo switch. Well, we shouldn't really continue to
develop for Nintendo. Our games are selling over here, but we don't want to put the resources into
Nintendo switch because our games don't sell on Nintendo switch. So there's that, but then,
okay, so that's yourself. You play and it's so many times, you know, this you're, you're
making fun of me and rolling your eyes at me, all of you at home, because you absolutely know,
I am right time and time again, executives play themselves. It's like they get no feedback.
They have nobody in their ear that actually consumes this stuff.
It should like, let's put it this way. If let's say, for example, if Skyrim is still $60 on the
switch, my first question would be, why haven't we dropped the price of that game yet? Because
that came out years ago. It can't be a top selling game on the switch right now. That
deserves a discount. Then you put out the game, you know, say you put out the game of the year
edition anniversary edition or wherever like that, then you could maybe charge I'd say 50 bucks for
that. I don't even think it's worth full price for Skyrim at this point, because it's been out
for so long. Like maybe then you can put it out with all the bells and whistles for $60. $70 is
pushing it a lot, especially for a switch game. And I would understand if like Skyrim had never
been on the switch. And we're putting out Skyrim, the regular edition for 60 bucks, and then we're
going to have this anniversary edition for 70 launching beside it, that would make a little
bit more sense. I would still say it's too damn expensive for Skyrim to be on switch. But like,
that would make more sense. This doesn't make any sense. Now, moving away from Skyrim,
wait, can I get some comments in chat? Zen monkey 11 says, Believe it or not, there are some gamers
that only have a switch and they don't PC game either. Completely valid. However, if I was one
of those people, I those people are literally being taken advantage of. Like, no wonder there's
piracy. Not that I would ever advocate for that. But no wonder there's piracy. Tigerclaw in chat
says I can see why because of the convenience of being able to take it anywhere. Yeah. And at the
end of the day, if you want to spend $70 on that, go off. I'm not telling you not to do it. I'm
just saying the amount of people that are willing to do it is not going to be enough to move the
needle in a way that's going to impress Bethesda. And, you know, Tigerclaws poking fun at take it
from Rob, who is known for rebuying the Mass Effect games every time they release a new
edition. You know what console didn't get the Mass Effect trilogy though, but, you know, drag me,
expose me. That's fine. But even if it was a Mass Effect game that I bought again on the switch,
which by the way, I wouldn't at $70 for the trilogy on switch, I wouldn't. It's not worth
it to me to do it again because the trilogy is lacking multiplayer. Why did I buy Mass Effect
three as many times as I did so I could play multiplayer with people on that platform because
Mass Effect was never cross platform. And I usually got it on sales or discounts where I
was like 20 bucks so I can play with my friends on PlayStation three. Sure, I'll do it. So there
are some key differences here. But even putting that aside, and let's just say I'm ridiculous,
and I'm going to buy Mass Effect trilogy again on switch, I am not enough to move the needle.
And so that like, you know, I would argue that, you know, you're saying seven,
someone's saying $70 is fine because, you know, it's the price of being able to play a portable
Bethesda didn't design this portable system, they're just publishing on it.
All the other third party publishers out there aren't charging $70 for their games,
or their game of the year edition of these games that come out later on.
So it's ridiculous to think that they should be able to charge that. And that's fine. You go,
you know what, you can make an experiment. And maybe that's what they're doing. Hey,
let's experiment with Skyrim. Let's see if we charge $70 for it if we sell it.
And then if it doesn't sell, then they can mark it down later on and make it look like it's an
even bigger discount. But they're really charging the same price they would have charged for it
anyways, whatever. I'm gonna make a quote, there's a sucker born every second. And those suckers are
buying next gen games in the fourth quarter, because we're going to have even more companies.
And it's your usual bad sub or bad offenders when it comes to $70 games, putting these out. So for
example, we have Gotham Knights coming out October 25, charging $70. No, thank you don't want that
game. It looks like garbage. Call of Duty Modern Warfare Two. Well, Activision has been charging
$70 for their games. I'm telling you right now those 10 extra dollars aren't going to investigating
all the corrupt behavior that's in their company or any of the sexual harassment charges or
anything like that. So that's money wasted right there. God of War Ragnarok Sony's just sniffing
their own asshole with that. I don't know why they think that they deserve an extra $10 for that.
Whatever. Fine. The crystal protocol. No, no, I don't think so. And then we have four spoken
Dead Island to Hogwarts legacy, Wild Hearts, and Skull and Bones. I'm gonna tell you right now,
like if we're charging an extra $10 because you're saying that development on these games
is going to cost even more. I better expect a fucking perfect game from you guys. I'm not
expecting this buggy shit and this roadmap to putting out a semi complete game from all you
stupid fucking companies. And that goes for Activision doubly. Sony, I don't have a problem
with them. I know I'm sure their games will be fine. But they're in their own ballpark with
charging $70 for their own games. That doesn't make any sense. Gotham Knights Warner Brothers,
I don't trust them. I just these games better be damn perfect is all I'm saying for $70 that you're
upping the expectation because you're putting a premium on there. So I expect premium QA,
I expect premium coding, I expect premium everything on this. If you're going to charge
a premium, I expect the premium product. I don't expect a roadmap. I don't want a premium roadmap
telling me how you're gonna fix your game that you're rushed out because you just wanted some
money before the holiday. Because this is what I'm saying. This ties perfectly into a comment
in chat, which is a fair read. fifth dream in chat says and then we complain about worker wages and
crunch. Hmm. Okay, then if that is going to change, and like Loki said, if we're going to get the
value for all of that, then fine. You know that then all right, things are slowly increasing
across the board anyway, inflation is a thing. But that's $70 better. Like if I spend $70
and I get cyberpunk 2077 on the PlayStation four. That wasn't quality chair. Well,
I'm going to choose my words carefully. Don't reorder any quality check was ignored.
I'm going to be pissed. So if the thing is between like and I totally agree with that perspective,
but my concern is this extra $10 probably isn't actually going to fix that. If it does, then you
know what, I'm a lot less hot. But I feel like with all the stories we're still hearing from
what's going on in the industry. This isn't going to change. And not to mention, it's not just $10
premium. That's just the starting cost. They still are going to be pushing all their DLC,
all their season passes, all of that nonsense that they normally plagued with these games.
And they're always complaining. Oh, well, we don't have enough money from these.
Yet they're like making billions and billions of dollars off of this. I don't believe you.
It goes back to a running theme for tonight is that some of those games have a lot riding on it,
things like, you know, for spoken and so those other games you mentioned there,
that like this higher price point may be the thing that pushes people to say, you know what,
no, I'm not going to pre order. I'm not going to do that. And then squares going to go back and say,
oh, and we all know, we all fucking know, the company that said Tomb Raider was not a success
is going to come back and say for spoken didn't sell enough copies. I wonder why that happened.
Well, I mean, they won't take the blame themselves. It'll probably be something
themselves. It'll be something stupid. Like they'll be like, oh, it's because it was a
female protagonist. And there's so many chauvinist pigs out there. It must be that reason. Not
because we charge $70 for our game or anything like that. I mean, I don't know. But all I'm
saying though, is in a world where we have these companies, and it's it's time after time after
time where they release buggy products, I just can't pre order anymore. And honestly, if it's
digitally, you shouldn't be pre ordering it. Like you can order that right up to when it comes out.
There's no need to buy it early. Because it's not a guarantee. It's absolutely not a guarantee that
you're going to get a working product, let alone a product that is good. And I just, I don't know,
you want to know the funny thing about gamers. All of this is true. Everything that we have been
saying, at least for us, you know, our perspectives are the is is is the truth is the gospel. All this
is is it but at the same time, when Final Fantasy 16 comes out, oh, bitch, I'll plunk down $500 for
the edition that comes with a PlayStation five that's branded the ultra ultra digital edition
was dumb at dumb ass costumes that are involved so I can dress like snow from Final Fantasy 13 or
whatever ridiculous things they put in there like the cup cup noodle extra edition that just just
it give us all of your money and give it to us now edition but absolutely 100% will be true I will be
there paying for it because I am a consumer whore but also but also but also creative creative unit
three has a proven track record for me and the the staff and the talent that's behind that game
I'm trusting to make a good game as they already have one out on the market
well and also to go along with that as well though like when we're talking about like those
extra editions and stuff like that that's a different thing they're charging 70 and they're
not giving you anything else so that's why I'm saying it's like like just do yourself the favor
like I mean you you don't have to listen to anybody you can do whatever you want your adults
out there like do whatever you want but like it's just it makes sense and like especially since
we're talking about it being a recession and wages aren't as good as they used to be and
stuff like that that means your dollar is should be even more valuable to you and because of that
then maybe you need to take the time and just say hey you know what let's not get caught up in the
FOMO let's just take a breath wait for the reviews to come out and see what they say see if the game
is you know a game that it is actually functioning and it actually is at least something worth your
money because that's really what it comes down to is you know you don't want to buy a product
Saints Row and then regret it later on because it's absolute garbage you want to buy a game and
be able to enjoy it and so you should at least do that much for yourself yes and who's putting down
that hundred dollars for the Theatrhythm Digital Deluxe Edition but at least you know what you're
getting for that you're getting like enough like content to justify the price yeah this is this is
like well we just want seventy dollars because it's call of duty like yeah i mean no no thank you
i mean god of war like i hear it's a great game i'm sure it's gonna be a good game
do i think they need to be raising the price for that eh not really but you know what when a god
of war game comes out we don't go oh it was a buggy crappy mess you know that they have to
roadmap the patch at all if you can wait six months one year that game will be included in
playstation's little premiere service absolutely or even better like hey you know what here's
an even better idea oh i'm sorry it's just real quick building on that microsoft why aren't they
a part of this conversation because they're trying to pass because the game pass exactly
and at the end of the day that's where the industry is going anyway so all the this whole
discussion is going to be outdated anyway because that game pass that's where the industry's going
subscription i don't have to worry about seventy dollar call of duty because i get it for free
with my game pass subscription if i want um i don't know like i don't we talk about this all
the time like with the different things that they do like it feels like it's a broken record honestly
and us talking about it is literally going to do nothing for the industry they're not going to be
like oh wow i didn't think about it like that they're just they want money i mean it is going
to be they're going to keep pushing it until people had enough and we'll see how far that
goes seven dollars gas bobby kotick's listening right now oh oh that loki oh that loki he's got
you know what we gotta we gotta fix this i will stop sexually harassing people now i've been
brought to my senses i don't i don't want to laugh at that because it's not a laughing matter but uh
it's it's yeah like they're they're not going to change their tone because of a couple of
people with a podcast no unfortunately not all right well speaking of the house of
activision blizzard they have a pretty big game coming up and that is overwatch 2 um overwatch
2 is actually coming out tuesday because today is the last full day you can play the game they're
gonna take it down for a day is it overwatch tuesday actually no loki like what a missed
opportunity maybe they should be listening to you at least i don't see i don't see it here maybe it
is you gotta like you gotta think as a company like can we work a pun into it because that's
gotta be the first question you gotta work out ever ssj100 matt in chat has the perfect two-word
response for you dad stop all right anyway um overwatch 2 is launching on october 4th
unlike the previous conversation overwatch 2 is going to be free to play um it's a different model
than the original overwatch now yes there's going to be a battle pass system yes there's going to be
other stuff that's that's built in to get your don't worry they're coming for your wallet in
other ways but the base game will be free to play and as we also talked about in a prior week if you
did not own the original overwatch you're going to have to earn the heroes which is going to take you
a bit of time in the game but there's a rhyme and a reason for that too because you don't want these
you know smurf accounts that are just created to you know raffle stomp noob teams uh so they
have to put some time in to uh unlock the heroes so okay anyway but i want to talk about moderation
tools because when it comes to online multiplayer games i know this news might shock you but
sometimes there are toxic environments in these games and dark soccer you have something to say
i was like no there's no no never no and overwatch has had its share of toxicity over the years
but in all seriousness overwatch 2 is looking at some new moderation tools to look at curbing the
abusive and disruptive player behavior you you will have to have a phone number linked to every
account so if you want to play this game you're going to have to give them your phone number
so that when you're a bad boy blizzard can call you and yell at you no that's actually not what
they're doing but uh it's that whole two-factor authentication right and what's also interesting
about this the game will be doing audio transcriptions of what's because we have
that technology now right if you've ever been on like a zoom call or something that does the
automated captions right away we're at that point where it can transcribe the show like as it's
going so um which by the way we really need to look into that technology for this show i i keep
meaning to do it i apologize the problem i've had with all of the ones that i've seen so far
is that they tie into a singular sound source but the way this show is staged we have multiple sound
sources i am on a microphone dark sakura and loki are on desktop capture so if somebody knows a
captioning system that works with multiple intakes please pass it my way rob at vog network.com and
i will look into implementing it because it's something that's long overdue for this show
anyway that being said we know that this is something that they um do as they do the um
audio transcriptions so that's going to be a part of overwatch too so if there is a reported
interaction then uh it's in the audio transcript so it allows them to kind of read what happened
right right there uh this is called the defense matrix which is a little tongue-in-cheek name
because that is also the name of one of diva's avail abilities in overwatch um again the the
phone number uh can only be linked to one account you can't use it to make another account so that's
going to be easier to make it ban people i mean sure you could get a burner phone or something
that isn't exactly an easy thing to do so it is going to make it a little harder that's for sure
um so yeah uh blizzard said in a statement once the audio recording has been transcribed to text
it's quickly deleted as the file's sole purpose is to identify potentially disruptive behavior
the text file is then deleted no later than 30 days after the audio transcription
for all those of you that relay confidential information over overwatch or i don't know maybe
erp on overwatch's voice chat what y'all do is y'all's business i'm just saying blizzard does
not plan to keep those logs unless it is reported and you're erping in front of an audience who's
not consenting to that then you might be reported for that so uh that is not going to roll out the
day of the launch though they're saying that will be in the weeks after launch as far as
the audio transcriptions will go so um there you go uh the general chat feature is also being
removed from overwatch 2 no more chat room for you to plug your twitch or say gg easy uh and
that whole type of thing so um rest in piss to that feature quite frankly because i don't think
any good ever came out of that feature i think there's still party chat and those
sorts of things but uh the general chat is gone and no one cried that day
all right like i like i mean i didn't play overwatch because the game made me motion sick
as fuck but i i always liked you know a postgame chat as long as people were respectful but i
understand that not everybody will be yeah like my hat oh it's coming together look at that again
uh i'm sorry to the podcast listeners for the visuals we got to be careful but uh you've got
your little uh pig trap or it's that's one of those um saw traps that's the movie is infamous
for uh that you wow you've actually built that into a hat that's cool look at you yeah i actually
ended up buying the prop because um like the the cheaper rubber mask because i wasn't gonna have
time to build the whole thing but i have like a like plastic and foam nails and stuff to attach
to it and i've got all the paints and everything i just needed and i actually had to cut out the
gears myself it's gonna need some touch up on tuesday and then it should be assembled you're
gonna get a lot of people because with all the dead by daylight streamers there'll be did i say
dad by daylight dead by daylight streamers that'll be there um you're gonna get a lot of people that
want a picture just make sure they take a card when they get a picture well i'm not doing the
cosplay contest because this is sort of last minute but um i'm also working on my knife for
for julie oh fun legion nice um but i've already got the mask part of uh of that hat done i just
accidentally used gloss uh lacquer on it instead of uh matt um before we get to the next story i
want to read from chat pod culture talking about the phone number requirement for overwatch says
the problem with this is that they send a text to your number if you want to update your number
and will not let you if you don't enter that code how can you enter the damn code if you no longer
have the number to which mike def says that's why you update it but i also get it if you don't have
access to the old phone anymore because you have a new phone now i know with a lot of cell phone
changes yeah but hopefully blizzard has a process for that but it can be annoying when it takes
multiple days and a lot of times they're like yeah send us your id and all this like personal
information and get your account back and it's kind of like i shouldn't have to do that you know
like just like ask me my mom's maiden name and my name of my first pet and let me reset it geez or
send something to my email or verify it another way you know so but i get it that is frustrating
all right anyway moving on uh we got more stories to get to so let's go to dark sakura
all right so in other news there has been uh an unknown silent hill game rated in uh in the korea
region um it's called the short message according to this korean rating system that's the game
rating and administration committee of korea um gave a rating to an unannounced game called
silent hill the short message um they don't really know what the game is or what platform
it's going to be on some people think it might be like another playable teaser um
or it could also be like one of their uh um like a e-game type things like one of the the little
phone games um the publisher was listed as uniana um who did konami's a free to play soccer game
e-football 2023 um oh no oh no oh no run away so um they uh it could be a mobile game a spin-off
um but they also there there's also a thought that because uniana also does arcade cabinets
that it might be an arcade game i mean there's just so much speculation out here
um take it spitter take it spitter
um and then of course then there were all those the the leaks of you know like the the the girl
made out of pictures and some of the other things so you know the the various screenshots that were
leaked so we don't we don't know um but we'll see we'll see what happens of it
i mean it would be it would be nice to have a mainline silent hill game you know like a legit
one but yeah we've been waiting before coaching yeah i i i would just at this way it's the same
problem i have at the suikoden remaster like or i shouldn't say problem reservation i think is a
better word konami's doing it in house i have reservations because konami's been a broken
company for several years now so i mean maybe i i will be super happy to be wrong i know no one
will be happier than me to be wrong on that and to really enjoy those c code and remasters i'm
worried not every hd remaster is a good one secret of mana so even the silent hill 3-1 wasn't great
because then you they lost the code so anyway mike tefton chat says silent hill a short message
that message fuck you suckers uh i'm i'm on board that it's probably a modal mobile title hence the
short message but um we'll see i mean i visual novel that would be kind of fun it's hard to
fuck up the visual novel well i realize we talk about everything that's going on in gaming culture
we have to report on things like this there is a part of me that's just like i'm just exhausted of
rumors i'm exhausted of these rumors that are coming up like konami shit or get off the pot
shit or get off the pot i am sick of waiting for this silent hill thing like but at the same time
i say that at the same time i'm like but also take the time to make it good so i hope that when
they're ready to announce this they have teamed up with the right company to rescue the franchise
and only then will it have been worth the wait that company is volition
moving on to our next story
uh anyways um nintendo our next nintendo employee i should say has filed a lawsuit um alleging that
they uh apparently that the nintendo is anti-union um which we've kind of heard this before so
on april 15th there was an anonymous employee who filed a complaint against nintendo
and the contracting company astin carter with the national labor relations board uh apparently they
said that they were fired from nintendo um after asking about noa's stance on labor unions well
right they're not gonna say yay unions um but that is technically retaliation um so you know
nintendo has commented where the claim which is filed with the national labor relations board
by a contractor who's terminated for disclosure of confidential information and for no other reason
is what they say so it's it's a matter of you know what the contractor said versus what nintendo is
saying um we'll see how that plays out but i would not be surprised that they're anti-union
because there's been a lot of not great stuff coming out about nintendo over the few weeks and
i think there's a lot of people that want to deny not nintendo not nintendo nintendo is a japanese
based company they can't they don't have the same problems that the uh u.s based companies do and
it's they have completely different problems but there exists it's it's it's a rude awakening for
a lot of people that again all of these problems we have talked about at length on this show it is
it is an industry-wide problem nature of really business in general i mean companies in particular
don't really want to be held that accountable for the responsibility that they have to their
employees and it's just a sick sad truth all right let's move on and i'm going to talk about
uh this next story here uh which has to do with netflix creating their own game studio in house
as you know netflix has been slowly testing the waters when it comes to games and kind of doing
their own uh uh gaming service i don't think they have a lot of huge huge games on it yet but i know
they have a few um but they are forming an in-house game studio the studio was built in
helsinki finland to create world-class original games uh we haven't we are has we'll see we'll
see uh we don't know what the games are we only know that marco lastika uh a alumnus of zinga and
ea those are those are two companies that those would be two red flags right there love to see
that on those county at home they will uh marco will service the director um so they're saying i
know of a guy i know guy that might be able to uh join you know he's uh recently become available
after uh you know the shutdown of a certain stadia that phil harrison man i i got good
feelings about him growling in my heart anyway um helsinki is uh home to some good game talent
at least in netflix press release they're very excited to share that next games who developed
the walking dead mobile title uh netflix by the way bought them in march uh netflix also
purchased other developers boss fight and night school studio who created the game oxen free
uh but this you know it'll take all these studios to build something new yeah that that one i go
okay that's that's a good acquisition um you're not going to see whatever this uh studio makes
for years and then it will get one season and then immediately cancelled um that's just in
the press no obviously i added that part but again i'm just saying netflix and google have
some very similar reputations here so if anyone from netflix happens to be listening they're not
but i'm going to say it anyway you have to leave things in the oven long enough for them to bake
fully through and it is not going to happen the first time and if you are not ready to accept that
risk then close the studio down tomorrow and give all those people very lovely packages because you
wasted their fucking time if you're not willing to make that commitment don't do this yep six
seasons and a movie it doesn't just apply to that other show that i know everybody's talking about
this week it should apply to netflix investments in gaming you better commit to six seasons and a
movie for this gaming studio that's all i have to say yep all right this what just people oh my god
i'm just like i'm done okay we're gonna go to our next story by the way i need to run to the potty
so i will be right back so dark soccer i guess you can relieve your may i please have a bio
break we will be right no we i will be right back we will be moving on to the next story without me
all right so um well e3 says they're happening again they're gonna do
a show open to the public for two days on june 13th 2023 um and so it's gonna be between
june 13th and june 16th at the la convention center as usual it will be open to the public
starting on the 15th um and there will be partner showcases that will start on the 11th um they
wanted to do a digital only one but then they said no um and now they're saying that they
want to do a revitalized physical and digital e3 experience um they recruited the esa recruited
help of read pop that also worked with pax egx and star wars celebration um but i
i don't i don't want to deal with it i'm not going i mean and the esa is also still kind
of like on shaky ground after the deal with leaking all that contact information
so i don't know how i feel about it i mean honestly i kind of feel a big
bunch of nothing about it but we'll see i mean it's not going to be what it used to be that's
for sure i never be what it was i i still don't think you're going to have just because they're
doing a physical version doesn't mean that you're going to have a lot of uh studios still coming
back to it you know you still got you know intended doing their own thing ea is still
probably not going to do a thing um i think activision had bowed out for a while although
with microsoft that might be a little bit different scenario um yeah i just i don't know
i don't know it it's not going to be the same as you remember it's basically what it is i i would
like an award convention or something and i get it that they're going to have the industry thing
but like i don't know i can't imagine that that's needed anymore considering that the industry has
survived just as long without e3 like e3 didn't just all of a sudden you know
too little to stop the plans oh we can't sell games now because e3 stopped i mean
i don't think that it's needed i i'm back and and e e3 is just leaning into what everyone
always assumed it was and it's just becoming another comic con another i mean literally they
got the company with pax to do it which by the way is why i want nothing to do with it
yeah yeah so i i you know and if you all have listened to the show long enough i don't need
to get into it tonight you all know my issues with repop um and for all i know does repop
produce twitch con because i'm kind of going against you know my thing i don't know if they
do or not but um i it's my my desire to see my twitch friends is is greater than any grudge i
have against repop but over the again this is all about what happened to me at pax east and bobby
several years ago and yes i hold grudges for a very long time um but as far as the e3 show goes
like this is just turning into what the show probably should have turned into eight years
ago to survive um and i i just think at this point you know it's it's sure it'll come back and it
probably is going to be somewhat successful it's just not going to be the same e3 from 2005 2006
and that's okay um the industry is kind of past that now so i think we just end up giving people
the show they thought they were going to get last time um sj100 matt in chat says kencha hall will
apparently be used for the business portion of the show kencha hall i believe is a parking lot now so
i don't think they're going to put it in the parking lot um or a parking structure of some
sort but i remember that there was um oh thank god dj rama says reed pop is not connected to twitch
con there's still some safe things in this world um but um i'm so dramatic unnecessarily me um
is it me am i the drama um uh but e3 always had two very distinct halls there was the west hall
and there was north hall i think it was and like i remember south was oh south hall and west hall
and nintendo was always in one and sony and microsoft were always in the other at least
during the big years and so you know it was all kind of spread out and you had the traffic going
back and forth but you know what there was always an industry only area anyway it was upstairs and
for many years we could never get in there until the one year that we went as acknowledged gaming
media uh was i think the first vog network year which was the last year that we went we went as
acknowledged gaming media we got to go to some of the press events that were upstairs and let me
tell you there's more stuff upstairs i mean it wasn't in giant rooms it was in think more like
hotel ballrooms but still you would go into places and it'd be like they'd have kiosks of games to
play that they weren't even showing downstairs because there were things that were maybe under
nda or you know for whatever reason they did not want to show to the quote-unquote general public
who wasn't even invited the unwashed masses yes that's a much better way of putting it the
unwashed masses so i got into some when i went with krista when she was working for lucas arts
yeah but that was before she moved to japan yeah so anyway i hope those that go to e3 have fun
so there it is i just realized on the sidebar i completely misprinted and i said ea returns to la
well maybe maybe they'll put on their show across the street again who knows
i was gonna say not not at e3 but they'll probably you know
they'll put out something else somewhere all right moving on uh who we on now loki
yeah um so this is funny uh gamestop the company that's well known for their pre-orders
are having trouble with their pre-orders apparently it's it's a mess with um shortages
and negative inventory and whatnot uh because of a software change and so right now the gamestop
subreddit has been flooded with different staff members complaining about computer issues
ranging from their their inventory searches their pre-order histories being wiped out
right before they get shipments um and apparently there's a the problem is with an sap software
conversion that involves merging multiple databases together including sales customer
service logistics and more yeah i know how merging databases goes that that is not fun
that is not fun and it is prone to breaking um inventory system or the inventory in our systems
are unreliable right now we are receiving shipments from the warehouse that do not even
appear on our receiving list and so they've got us opening boxes recording the inventories
emailing them back to inventory control it took me the better part of my day just to process four
boxes this way that's not good um they're saying um unfortunately pre-orders became a key metric to
the stores and they're being graded on uh when you cancel a pre-order it actually puts the store
in a negative count when an employee said their uh theirs was negative 22 people are actually
getting in trouble over this so yeah people are are um canceling their pre-orders because
they were shorted on copies of nba 2k 23 and the collectible pre-orders and they didn't arrive in
time and so because they're canceling the store gets penalized so then the employees get penalized
for something that game stops problem i certainly hope that they don't hold those employees
accountable for their mess up but they probably will and we wonder why that ship is also sinking
don't we that is a ship that is halfway in the water already that is this mayday mayday all right
um i want to quickly hop backwards because i was corrected by ssj100 matt and chat and i actually
did not know this to be the case but uh actually linked to got the receipts and linked to the
website of the la convention center where yes indeed kensha hall is still a thing that exists
and that they run out and it's it's in the same place it always was so i i know i this surprises
remember there's a parking lot i hooked up to kent kenshaw it connects you can see too it's
very small on the screen but it says to parking ab to parking cd i'm still convinced because they
do put cars in there if you look at the main website they they showed like a card show or
a car show in there or something like that at one point um so there we go there's cars in kenshaw
hall there so they they can bring cars in there i swear though that's what it looks like empty too
i think what it is and why the confusion is there um is that there was one e3 i remember thinking
oh rip kenshaw hall and you could see and we peeked through the doors and we could see there
were just a bunch of cars parked in there and i was like oh it's a parking lot now so maybe they
used it as a parking lot for like the booth employees or like staff or something like that
it was probably like a a parking lot so that people that were working the show had a place
to get right in the building or something they probably used it as that that particular year so
but that's interesting thanks i mean i'm i'm happy to be wrong um so that's interesting that maybe
that will be a spot so who knows um and sha100 matt says well if this e3 isn't successful the
ball pit will be parked in kenshaw hall yes the ball pit will be in kenshaw hall if nothing else
that's what reid pop's bringing in for the fans actually kenshaw hall will be the fan hall
and it will be a cosplay competition and a ball pit and then the rest of the show will be open to
industry only all right um pixel paka says for anime expo the artist alley takes place in the
parking lot it's not very pleasant to be in that space though all right anyhow imagine uh let's
move on to this story which has to do with the playstation loyalty program which we've talked
about on this show before but we finally know that the loyalty program will be launching on
october 5th it's already launched overseas in uh asia asia regions but it's going to be launching
here it's playstation stars and then australian and europeans will be getting access to this on
october 13th um the program is free you get some extra benefits if you're a playstation plus member
uh you can access stars on the playstation app on mobile if you want you know everything that's
there again there's a lot of very similar things to what you see going on um not just with
microsoft's reward programs but with like the platinum points on nintendo which i got some
interesting uh graphic icons and stuff this week which is cool um anyway you get rewards and
playstation stars by doing activities and campaigns from like playing a game to being
the first to get a platinum trophy in your region or something like that you get loyalty points and
you get digital collectibles which have been clarified they are not nfts and other certain
products so uh anyway i'll be i'll be curious to see what this really looks like when it rolls out
and you know how they they do it in the region here and because i'd be honest i haven't been
firing up my playstation 4 a lot um i've just been kind of waiting on the whole final fantasy
to get a playstation 5 so the playstation is like my least used console today anyway
i'm wondering if this will maybe give me some incentive to come back so we'll see all right
anyhow let's move on to our next segment um when we talk about we talk about a time when um there
there there was no incentive to to sign up for a loyalty program maybe you got a magazine
uh but that was it we'll go into our next segment right now
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where i'll dive into the vault
and pull out a classic and tell you about it it's time for the classic game of the week
and dark sakura what did you pick for the game this week dan picked chibi robo
because i couldn't decide what to choose so chibi robo is an adventure game that first
came out on the gamecube in japan on july 23rd to the 5th 23rd 2005 and in north america february
8th 2006 and in uh europe on may 20 uh 26 2006 um it was re-released also for the we in japan
on june 11th 2009 so chibi robo so chibi robo um is uh an adventure platforming game done by bondi
and skip limited done for the gamecube and it was originally conceived to be a point and click
adventure and it was put on hold until miyamoto himself gained interest in the title and overhauled
it you play as a 10 centimeter tall robot named chibi robo owned by the sanderson family and you
have him going around the household and collecting happy points by doing different tasks like uh
housework and solve various problems for the family and uh interact with living toys in the
house action consumes energy so you have to go and recharge using outlets you carry your plug around
with you um it is it's it was given to their eight-year-old daughter and the mom isn't happy
about it um because of how much money the dad spends and so there's just all kinds of shenanigans
i don't really want to go too much into it so basically you go around collecting happy points
um you do good deeds for the family and the toys in the home and so you uh so you can also find
other things to collect including moolah which is the currency and you gain happy points by
cleaning up messes and disposing of trash and scrubbing footprints you can interact uh with
them like i said solve problems for the family you have uh the robo television as the speaker
um all kinds of interesting stuff goes on and you have three collectibles in the game one is stickers
you get through the game by doing tasks or quests or mini games
you get frog rings which you collect and give to jenny who's the the daughter
you get happy points and stickers from that and the third is crayons which you can put in a
crayon box for more happy points yeah you do have to plug into the electrical outlet
or connect to the citrus soft chibi pc
um and you can do that to purchase items and power ups with your moolah or scrap metal to make
utilibots to help with everything going on in the house um so anyway as far as the development um it
was announced in 2003 with publishing rights held by bandai um they originally wanted to do uh jean
2003 in japan in 2004 in north america um and the beta version uh had chibi robo defending the home
of his inventor from burglars um and it was very different it was point and click you know like
i mentioned earlier and uh you know and it just went into development hell you know limbo it was
on hold and then miyamoto was like hey let's do this instead and everyone's like yeah so um
the director um nishi kenny g um has other development credits uh under his belt like
chrono trigger uh moon remix rpg adventure and incredible crisis i love incredible crisis um
and was the right person to bring in for this um and the overall thing was that it was cheerful
they wanted the experience to be cheerful no weird surprises or anything unexpected
but that it would use or quote ordinary things to enhance the adventure of daily life
um the music was done by uh taniguchi uh hirohumi um by doing different sound patterns and motifs
for each character human voices for the system sounds um different phrases uh woodwind electronic
music the music the soundtrack was really pretty awesome uh the cd uh was released with 142 page
guidebook uh published by um shogakukun uh in august uh 2005 in japan um at any rate uh it was
very well rated um famitsu gave it 35 out of 40 um eurogamer gave it eight eight of 10 ig and 8.2
of 10 it was really fairly decently received some of the opinions of the gameplay were a little bit
mixed some people thought it was fun and rewarding and some people are just like eh and then some
people like the constant sense of discovery um and found that the the difficulty level is quite
flexible um uh now uh jeremy zoss of game informer was pretty displeased with it um and he said it
was not a platform but more of a 3d adventure game composed entirely of fetch quest and
repetitive menial labor but his opinion doesn't count um but anyway um as far as its legacy
there was a sequel in 2007 for the ds called chibi robo park patrol that had a different chibi robo
in a park you know fixing up a park um there was a sequel actually nintendo had a deal with walmart
for the exclusive rights to the game um this another sequel in ds was okai chibi robo happy
richi osoji um it was in japan 2009 with chibi robo vacuuming dirt for money in the home of an adult
jenny uh the original chibi robo was re-released um as part of new play control a selection of
we remakes of gamecube games um and it had special we remote uh controls for the game
um there is a uh a fourth game chibi robo photo finder which was released in 2013 for 3ds and then
uh the fifth game of the series was chibi robo ziplash released october 2015 for the nendo 3
nintendo 3ds um and i i didn't get to play this i watched people play it i actually think i played
like a little bit of the japanese version but i always thought it was really cute and i love
just how adorable our little mascot is i actually you know got the uh the amiibo just because i
thought he was so cute um but yeah um it it was fairly well received by people with taste and
there you go that's your classic game is chibi robo all right chibi robo the classic game of
the week now um before we get back to the show i want to read some comments from chat this first
one about the pick um ssu 100 matt in chat says the narrative in my mind of how this conversation
went down for this pick was uh jamie yelling from across the house dan game of the week pick now
and dan fuck i don't know chibi robo actually isn't too far from hell it's like it's like you
live there we were at a wedding and we had just finished a wedding and dan wasn't feeling so great
so we were getting to the car to say what we were going to do and i was like oh crap i haven't
thought of a classic game dan pick one um what's the criteria 10 years old or older i want something
maybe 2000s and he's like have you done chibi robo i don't know check the wiki no all right
we'll do that one good job that's really it and thank you to the people that maintain the wiki
for giving a resource that we in turn refer to quite often and making sure we don't duplicate
um let's say some other comments on the game dart totsuya says never played it but a cute concept
for sure uh fifth dream says reminds me a little of katamari damashi style wise yeah uh pixel
pakas is a fan saying chibi robo is fantastic so there you go your classic game of the week
good pick pass our pass our compliments to dan all right and then thanks man
and then make him buy you a coffee all right you did buy me a coffee so
he knows he knows all right all right moving on by penera let's talk about some other news going
on in the industry but fast it's rapid fire news loki yes there's a fun fan game that's been um
not released but it these footage of it has been put out by reimagine games it's a youtube channel
they are making i'm assuming they're making a project in unreal engine the learn unreal engine
and so they decided to make a super mario game with a realistic chris pratt in it
it looks just like you would think it would look like you know it's got all realistic graphics
and it looks like chris pratt dressed up like mario um they even have a trailer that they did
like the movie guy voice in and stuff it's pretty funny no actual games in a world
uh i don't remember if it was in a world but maybe in a minus world in a world
yeah um i don't think that they're necessarily releasing uh a version of this game right now
uh it's more of kind of you know chronicling their development of it probably a good idea because you
an untenable sue um but yeah it looks funny so i'll have to check it out as it you know
comes around remember we have the teaser trailer for the movie coming out in four days i can't wait
so can wait yes and speaking of waiting uh you're gonna wait a little bit longer for skull and bones
because that has been delayed as well uh now it is coming out on march night 2023
it's been delayed again no pirate no pirating for you
you'll just have to continue to sail in the boat in assassin's creed odyssey
instead of having a new pirate game to uh play yep uh dark sakura so um well magical drop four
has been announced for the switch and it's going to be out in the the win the the the the the
winter it'll be out uh for oh weird okay i think you mean six yeah i do that's okay you said four
i can't brain okay roman numerals it's hard work no life is hard see you need a coffee
do i know you or what i already had one i need another um anyway uh magical drop six is going
to be out um it will have more than 15 playable characters with their own story music tracks
a local online multiplayer modes uh different challenges six solo game modes and much more
and it looks like magical drop the end
there it is sorry i i let the little snap sound came through because i was trying to get to the
trailer because i saw dgrama s and mind losing his chat or sorry saw dgrama s losing his mind
in chat and i was like oh i better i better show off that yes this this is real magical drop six is
a is a real thing that's happening i love this is probably my favorite puzzle game series on
that came from like the snk neo geo kind of days and that stuff so um wish that that i actually i
think i have it on dreamcast there's the actual gameplay there we go so it looks it looks the
same as it always has except it's a little more cartoony and less pixely this time that's really
how it looks all right um let's continue on and talk about uh playstation plus giveaway games if
you are on the playstation plus you get your monthly games and you get to get hot wheels
unleashed for playstation 5 and playstation 4 it's an arcade sim based on the hot wheels universe
not to be confused with the hot wheels world and forza because that's a microsoft product
well it looks just as good though it's pretty i mean maybe not as good as the fours one but it's
it's a decent game it's still pretty good on playstation 4 you can check out injustice 2
which of course is the sequel to injustice from the creators of mortal combat but it's with dc
characters and less fatalities uh and then also super hot on playstation 4 is also going to be
given away we do not know the extra and premium games yet uh which would be the like retro stuff
so we'll uh stay tuned for that over on the xbox side of the house uh there are two games that are
being given away because remember they're no longer doing um xbox 360 games they are ending
that so now it's just two games instead of four but for the whole month you can get windbound
and then from october 16th to november 15th because they change them in the middle of the
month a little bit uh bomber crew deluxe edition is going to be your xbox games with gold enjoy
let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games coming out now that
you can you know pay seventy dollars for and not have to wait for them to hit one of these
subscription services loki what's coming out uh alfred hitchcock vertigo nintendo switch uh
playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox uh series i think that was delayed from last week
because i know i mentioned that last week uh the car desert rally on pc playstation 4 playstation
5 xbox one xbox series death verse let it die on pc near automata the end of yorkta edition
on nintendo switch no more heroes 3 on playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one and xbox series
touch detective collection touch detective rina and the fungi case files that's on nintendo switch
chaos head noah and chaos child double pack on nintendo switch lol surprise bb's born on pc
nintendo switch playstation 4 playstation 5 xbox one xbox series and lol probably not coming to
stadia but they list stadia as well um no man's context is very bad especially when i've been
playing death stranding and that little baby's name is bb anyway i yeah uh no man's sky coming
on nintendo switch this week oh that means a new patch for no man's sky because they're doing a
4.0 patch for the switch version so something i'm not going to get to play because twitch con that's
all right yeah uh nickelodeon kart racers 3 slime speedway on pc nintendo switch playstation 4
playstation 5 xbox one xbox series i'm pissed that slime is a part of their branding and moose
will not be a playable character in this game i guarantee it yes i don't see moose listed on the
list of playable characters lisa ruddy's probably not there either disgusting no the i'm trying i
think it's all cartoon from 80s nickelodeon in there uh well fucking the little mannequin from
today's special i can um i can give you there's a powder toast man um that's for 90s um there's
purple reptar ren i'm assuming stimpy is also in there we have um susie carmichael from rugrats
um all right i don't care go to the next game i'm not buying this game garfield i'll give you
garfield oh oh i'm glad oh so it's a crossover from garfield cart that's great yeah yeah yeah
so um okay and then we've got let's see uh that's it we end with garfield oh boy
all right uh let's move on to japan and on the nintendo switch uh in japan this
week you can look forward to uh haku oki shinkai tenon no shu in a regular and a special edition
comes out this week um you also have no man's sky gets a release on the switch in japan this
week as well it's uh even though it's not translated uh it is still getting a localized
release in japan uh and then that near automata port for the switch is also coming out in japan
and then we have touch detective rina and the fungi case files which i think was on loki's
list is also out in japan this week going over to the playstation 5 uh no man's sky also gets
a japanese release on the playstation 5 this week i find that interesting i didn't realize the game
wasn't out there before otherwise that's kind of neat uh no more heroes 3 is also out on the
playstation 5 this week so check it out dark soccer in europe we have on the fourth the
following um alfred hitchcock vertigo um which all i care about this game is if they keep the
same type of opening credits that saw bass designed just saying he's my artistic hero
um we also have dakar desert rally for playstation and xbox on switch we have my universe pet clinic
panda edition on the fourth we have let's sing abba for the big three oh shit i gotta get that
yeah ready to import i know right i wish i hope it comes out here it might not it may just not
be notable enough to have made loki's list not talked about garfield i'm pretty sure it'll be
on the list fair on on the sixth uh for switch we have near automata the end of your uh yorha
edition on the seventh uh for switch we have a chaos double pack um we have lol surprise bbs
born to travel on the three um and on the seventh for playstation and switch we have no man's sky
and then we also have train uh train life a railway simulator for playstation and xbox
there you go all right you know it's eventually coming out though um on switch according to this
uh taiko no tatsujin rhythm festival yeah i think that was out in japan last week of the week before
so yeah it's been a lot over here in the us like yeah last week i think this week for the us i
think it just caught my eye yeah all right um let's continue on we have some more stories for
y'all and then we're gonna get to uh your calls and uh other participation with the show so let's
get to it uh loki will go to you with another story yes it's exciting times indeed so walmart
has joined the metaverse in roblox that's right you can play walmart world in roblox
and i caught my kids playing them or i'm sorry walmart land gosh walley world would be weird um
so walmart land and walmart's universe of play um have launched on roblox um and it's basically
it's like a little hub that they have like yes advertisements for walmart things uh it's
basically just a bunch of little mini games in there for kids but uh yeah it's a thing now
all right i had a trailer for it and and my kids played it and i caught him and now he will be
forever shamed shame clank uh bobby black and chat says i saw that on the e-shop and that's
okay i already have kmart world in vr chat uh honest me a lot of like uh home i guess uh
michkins and chat says uh shares my sentiment uh dart to see shares my sentiment i don't want
to visit walmart in real life why would i want to go in game
i don't know oh bobby's saying the e-shop comment was about taiko oh okay my bad got it a little
delayed there all right um oh and you can unlock they they coined a phrase and i hate it already
um you can unlock virch it's virtual merch virch is never gonna happen stop trying to make
birch happen it's not happening all right let's move on uh dark sakura what do you have for us
so the cutest of cute costumes is going to be available um on october 9th but it's not for
people it's for dogs or cats if you're creative um they are going to be doing a rush costume
as in rush from mega man it will be over at halloweencostumes.com for 35 bucks ouch but
it's a fairly deluxe one and it's super cute and it would piss midna off if i got her one
no more tacos for that cat she's going to be rush but if you order it um on there um
you should be able to get it well in time for halloween
all right do you uh do you know anyone with a pet that might want to dress up with this
we could put mr smush in one again might be a little big for mr smush you know who's getting
fat is cheddar extra small okay well maybe that i guess that would work if it fits like a tiny
little yappy dog then it might fit mr smush that's for sure yeah i think that midna would wear like
a small i mean she's just got that that cat belly you know yeah i linked a picture of it in chat
just so everyone could could see it it's absolutely cute it's like i see esta 100 mad is like i'll
have to check that out for my dog and then saw it and was like nope can't do that to my dog
it does look a little intricate you have to have a good doggy to do that i immediately
to tiara oh i didn't even know they had a dog yeah they have uh several dogs you know they have the
hobbit dogs oh yeah that's right i have that silly me yeah it was uh bilbo is the old man and then
well uh i think there's just mary left well if they end up buying that to model it for the dogs
or to have the dogs model it i would be a very uh intrigued to see that so sure for sure all right
uh moving on an update to a story that just won't quit right loki yep so apparently that suspected
uh 17 year old boy that they caught in oxfordshire had denied in court it was like a special youth
court that he had used his phone to gain access to rockstar's private files and servers so he's
pleading basically not guilty and also he was charged with two counts of breach of bail
conditions and two counts of misuse of a computer so apparently he's i guess known by them to
be hacking this maybe he's already in trouble i don't know but um they have yet to confirm the
i if there's a connection between this person and the leak or if it was just maybe
they have a different person that's also hacking people or something like that
we'll see i guess all right um moving on and i think this is the last story we have slotted
for tonight uh we have another pc port of a playstation game this one's a little bit
surprising i didn't think uh sony was still gonna keep pushing this game but i guess i'm pleasantly
surprised about it it's the uh original launch title for the playstation 5 sack boy a big
adventure it's coming out uh on the pc for on october 27th it will be out on steam and the epic
game store ironically enough this is not long after the uncharted collection is uh doing the
same thing uh the pc version will support 4k it's gonna have a targeted frame rate of 120 frames of
excuse me 120 frames a second and you can what's that it just seems unnecessary it does but hey
for those of you that love your tech you know pushing the limits enjoy uh it also supports
this is interesting too different screen ratios including 21 by 9 so if you have a wide screen
monitor um sack boy will support that so that's kind of neat uh it will also support haptic
feedback and dynamic triggers if you have a dual sense controller you can also play with a mouse
and keyboard because that would be the right thing to do uh with a pc port so uh the uncharted
legacy of thieves collection is uh set to hit pc steam and epic store on october 19th also of note
spider-man miles morales is supposed to land by the end of the year we just don't know the exact
date for that yet so all right uh anyhow this brings us to the part of the show where we
encourage you all to participate if you want to join us and of course you can always join us
throughout the week as well on our discord server vog network.com slash discord that's vog network
dot com slash discord but if you're listening live on this sunday night as we tape on twitch
uh you can head over to the green room on our discord server and we'll be taking calls
uh if anyone chooses to call in meanwhile i usually check in with our mailbag i'm actually
not sure we got mail tonight um but i'll check participate at orange launch radio.com is the
place to send emails praise uh um space balls we ain't got shit i thought that was the case
so uh please send us an email for a future week if you'd like participate at orange laundry.com
is the place to send an email um so i will open it up as well for chat questions if you have
anything you want to ask us in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network uh please ask it
before we wrap things up for the night let me check in with loki and see if he has any last
minute stories i don't have anything wow all right well bobby is sending a link and saying
did this get mentioned and uh oh apparently uh the playstation five let me actually show this
tweet on stream here oh is this wait i need to make sure i don't think bobby would do this
but i'm making sure this isn't like a um you know uh rickroll or something okay it's not
so okay so let me show this on the other screen here is uh apparently the playstation five has
been jailbroken according to this tweet so this could be very interesting uh oh what do you know
hackers gonna do their thing right so there's actually a video here uh from the user account
man fight dragon who actually shows the uh jailbreaking in progress uh on the playstation
five doesn't really show like the specifics and of course now that i'm trying to show it the video
is buffering all over the place but it does show that it runs um other stuff
and uh as jonathan is saying someone put pt on a playstation five it's a kernel exploit and
webkit vulnerability and you if you have firmware 4.03 uh it'll run it apparently so interesting
neat neat
what people won't do right well i mean if they'll put doom on a toaster they're gonna try to
jailbreak the playstation five it seems logical just so they can put so they can put doom on it
and other retro games they can put pt back and pt yeah that's the big one that's not that's
not a surprise that's one of the first just doing the logs look yeah exactly right all right well i
don't see anyone in the green room and we don't have last minute stories i think i think we just
wrap it up for the night and that's okay we've had some long shows the past couple weeks so tonight's
a little shorter and that's all right we're gonna have a lot of fun at twitch con this coming
weekend and uh have a lot to talk about in two weeks when we come back um so i hope uh everybody
has a great time gaming this week and so forth if you're going to be at twitch con please reach out
to dark soccer or myself on twitter uh myself over at mr rob roberts that's m r rob roberts
and of course dark sakura over at dark sakura on twitter so yes um i will be there yeah reach
out to us and uh say hi because i love to meet people at conventions um so anyhow it's making
me sad to launch stadia right now oh i'm sorry are you gonna do like a big farewell in early january
or are you like i'm moving on now and just leaving stadia behind you know what i am gonna do it i
mean i'm gonna have to prep oh my god the stadia window even looks different oh interesting
i guess not even loading why aren't you loading all right it's loading now that was weird but
but yeah anyway um gosh um but yeah you know i um i'm gonna probably do like a uh stadia countdown
stream who knows it'll be fun that would be yeah that would be pretty fun it would be one of those
one of those things a little a little bittersweet but you know we'll do a proper send-off
a 21 gun salute 21 hook salute all right uh anyhow real quick before i let jamie say your
goodbyes i want to thank everybody of course for listening to orange launch radio if you enjoyed
what you heard here at olr please tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice but we need more voices to put out on air um so uh a
nice five star review on a site like itunes or spotify or wherever it is you found this podcast
goes an awful long way as well and of course we appreciate all the follows at our network channel
over at vog network that's vog network on twitch but all the social media really as well including
tick tock soon eventually so but the counts there now if you want to follow it um all right uh dark
soccer let me give you your final thought before you go play one of your final stadia streams
if if anyone is going to be at disneyland on the 10th and wants to attend lunch with me i have an
extra spot open for the carnation cafe come see me that's a generous offer i wish i could go i'm
not paying for him i just have the open seat i wish i had uh scheduled things better with twitch
com but it is what it is i have a lot going on at work anyway i don't want to miss too much so
anyway later taters have a good one see you next time we'll see you in two weeks dark sakura all
right well meanwhile while dark soccer gets set up for her stream loki what is your final thought for
the night i can't wait to talk about the new minecraft live stuff that's gonna be happening
on the 15th so you know by the time we get our next show sounds good uh looking forward to hearing
about it uh and my final thought is um i don't i don't have a lot i'll just say um on my personal
stream i plan to do some streaming on monday and wednesday i'm thinking splatoon 3 tomorrow if i
haven't used capture card on my new machine so if everything goes okay with that i'll do some
splatoon 3 tomorrow probably some dead by daylight on wednesday and then um twitch con
with this weekend so i'm just really looking forward to going and um uh just hanging out
with some broadcasters that i've gotten to know in the past couple years as i myself have become
a little more um immersed with twitch culture and so forth so um i hope uh hope it's a good time
i'm sure it will be um i'm very happy alan is going with me and so we get to have a little bit
of a vacation uh as well so that'll be really cool so excited for that because we're not just doing
twitch con like one of my really good friends also moved to san diego right before the pandemic
so we're gonna go hopefully see him one day so we get to you know we get to sample a little bit of
san diego i the last time i was in san diego was a ddr tournament i think even before the show
started i think yeah because i was with my ex at the time who i wasn't with when olr started
so uh it was a long time ago his family was in san diego so i haven't been to san diego over 20
years so i'm excited to finally go back and uh have some fun so all right um that is it i hope
you all have a wonderful week uh we'll see you in two weeks with an all-new olr uh so we will not
be here on october 9th but we will be back on the 16th have a good night everybody we'll see you next
time bye-bye you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production
of olr studios to join us for our live show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio nor vog network but you know they were all still true
you